rcsb_journal_abbrev": "ACS Catal",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "ACS Chem Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "ACS Chem Neurosci",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "ACS Infect Dis",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "ACS Med Chem Lett",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "ACS Nano",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "ACS Omega",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Acta Biochim Pol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Acta Crystallogr A",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Acta Crystallogr B",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Acta Crystallogr D Biol Crystallogr",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Acta Crystallogr D Struct Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Acta Crystallogr F Struct Biol Commun",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Acta Crystallogr Sect F Struct Biol Cryst Commun",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Acta Pharm Sin B",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Allergy",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Amyloid",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Anal Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Anesthesiology",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Angew Chem Int Ed Engl",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Ann Oncol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Annu Rev Cell Dev Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Antimicrob Agents Chemother",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Appl Environ Microbiol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Appl Microbiol Biotechnol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Arch Biochem Biophys",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Arch Virol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biochem Biophys Res Commun",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biochemistry",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biochem J",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biochem Mol Biol Int",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biochem Pharmacol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biochim Biophys Acta",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biochim Biophys Acta Bioenerg",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biochim Biophys Acta Gene Regul Mech",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biochim Biophys Acta Proteins Proteom",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biochimie",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biol Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biomacromolecules",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biomolecules",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Bioorg Khim",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Bioorg Med Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Bioorg Med Chem Lett",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biophys Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biophys J",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biopolymers",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biorxiv",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biosci Biotechnol Biochem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Biotechnol Biofuels",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Blood",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Blood Coagul Fibrinolysis",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Bull Who",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Cancer Immunol Res",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Cancer Res",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Catalysts",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Cell",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Cell Chem Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Cell Discov",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Cell Host Microbe",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Cell Rep",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Cell Res",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Cells",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Cell Stem Cell",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Chem Asian J",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Chembiochem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Chem Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Chem Biol Interact",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Chemistry",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "ChemMedChem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Chempluschem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "ChemRxiv",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Chem Sci",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Chem Senses",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Cold Spring Harb Symp Quant Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Commun Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Comput Biol Med",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Comput Struct Biotechnol J",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Cryst Growth Des",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Curr Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Curr Res Struct Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Dalton Trans",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Dev Comp Immunol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "EBioMedicine",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Elife",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "EMBO J",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "EMBO Rep",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Environ Sci Technol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Eur J Biochem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Eur J Immunol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Eur J Med Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Eur J Pharm Biopharm",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "FASEB J",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "FEBS J",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "FEBS Lett",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Fish Shellfish Immunol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Food Biosci",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Front Immunol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Front Microbiol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Gene",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Genes Dev",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Glycobiology",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Heliyon",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Hum Mol Genet",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Immunity",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Inorg Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Insect Biochem Mol Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Int Congr Ser",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Int J Biochem Mol Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Int J Biol Macromol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Int J Mol Med",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Int J Mol Sci",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Int J Pept Protein Res",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "iScience",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "IUCrJ",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Agric Food Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Am Chem Soc",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Antimicrob Chemother",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Appl Crystallogr",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Bacteriol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Biochem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Biol Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Biol Inorg Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Biomol NMR",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Biomol Screen",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Biosci Bioeng",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Cell Biochem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Cell Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Comput Aided Mol Des",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Enzyme Inhib Med Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Exp Med",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Gen Virol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Immunol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Inorg Biochem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Integr Plant Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Med Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Microbiol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Mol Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Mol Recognit",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Nanobiotechnology",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Neurosci",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Oceanol Limnol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Org Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Pharmacol Exp Ther",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Steroid Biochem Mol Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Struct Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "J Virol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "MAbs",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "mBio",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Med Chem Res",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Metallomics",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Mol Biol Cell",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Mol Biol Evol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Mol Cancer Ther",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Mol Cell",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Mol Cell Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Mol Cells",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Molecules",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Mol Immunol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Mol Microbiol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Mol Oncol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Mol Pharm",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Mol Pharmacol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nat Biotechnol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nat Cardiovasc Res",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nat Catal",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nat Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nat Chem Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nat Commun",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nat Immunol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nat Med",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nat Methods",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nat Microbiol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nat Plants",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nat Struct Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nat Struct Mol Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nature",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Neuron",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Not Published",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "NPJ Vaccines",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Nucleic Acids Res",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Oncotarget",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Open Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Org Biomol Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Org Lett",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Peptides",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Photosynth Res",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Plant Cell",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Plant J",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Plant Mol Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "PLoS Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "PLoS One",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "PLoS Pathog",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Protein Cell",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Protein Eng",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Protein Eng Des Sel",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Protein Expr Purif",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Protein Pept Lett",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Proteins",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Protein Sci",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Retrovirology",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "RNA",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "RNA Biol",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "RSC Med Chem",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Sci Adv",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Science",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Sci Rep",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Sci Transl Med",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Structure",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Supramolecular Chemistry",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Techniques In Protein Chemistry Iv",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Thesis",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Thromb Res",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "To be published",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Traffic",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Vaccine",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Virology",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Virulence",
rcsb_journal_abbrev": "Viruses",
